Professor: Xiaoying (Cindy) Chen
Department: Finance
School: California State University Long Beach
Source: Rate My Professors
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/917849

---

Review 1:
her lectures don't really help understand the concepts. she pulls calculation questions from the slides for exams/quizzes and conceptual questions from the reading. 3 exams and weekly quizzes. she ended up giving us extra points and curved a lot of things so we could pass since so many people were failing. prepare to teach yourself

Review 2:
exams based on conceptual questions that are easy to memorize and calculation problems which she only goes over once in class and then expects students to know. weekly quizzes and attendance grade, but only concept-based homework questions. exams are hard because there's not a chance to actually learn how to work through the problems yourself.

Review 3:
The worst professor i've ever had. Did not teach anything during lectures. When someone asked a question she didn't actually answer it. Never properly explained anything and expected everyone to just know the calculations. Your best bet is teaching yourself from the textbook. Everyone failed the first exam and your highest chance was getting a C.

Review 4:
The homework didnt really exercise what she taught in class. And the exams didn't really reflect what you practice on homework. She moves fast and doesnt give a lot of time to copy notes. Also, a bit dismissive of ppl asking questions. Takes forever to respond to emails too. Overall horrible class experience. Would never pick this professor again.

Review 5:
Don't waste time here. You won't pass

Review 6:
trust me she cant teach and you wont pass

Review 7:
not good mid prof stay away

Review 8:
Her teaching style was extremely awful and not a single note was taken, but I have used this time to complete assignments from other classes instead. Homework is conceptual; quizzes are math-based; exams are from both. I recommend using the exercises' formulas to solve your quizzes instead of what she provides. Also, her formula sheet was useless.

Review 9:
The teacher does not know how to teach. It's more like she just rants about the slides so in order to get a good grade you have to teach yourself the material. She also does not curve and does not give out extra credit. Would not take this class again or recommend anyone take it.

Review 10:
the lectures are very boring and kinda unnecessary. attendance is mandatory (passes out class list to sign in) she uses connect for hw, exercises, & quizzes. hw & exercises are unlimited attempts, quiz is the same as the exercise but different values (1 attempt). exams are made up of concept questions from hw and calculations from exercise/quizzes

Review 11:
Doesn't know how to teach, doesn't curve, gives difficult exams. Be aware that she told us she'd curve but she didnt!

Review 12:
be prepared to teach yourself. The lectures aren't enough to understand the material you have to teach yourself either from an online source or a book. Also, she doesn't curve or give any extra credit. Definitely do not recommend this professor.

Review 13:
Professor Chen is a very kind person, however, I was teaching myself the material more than anything, and with no prior foundational knowledge to fall back on; I relied on YouTube, Kahn Academy, and other Finance resources I found online. I don't blame her, but I do feel that her teaching style and my learning style didn't match up at all.

Review 14:
Professor Chen's teaching style is to go over the quiz questions. You will do that the whole class; she doesn't teach using PowerPoint slides. I did not take notes in her class the whole semester, but I had to show up because she took attendance. Her exams are based on the homework and quizzes on Connect McGraw, which is how I passed the class.

Review 15:
She is very kind. You will need to study on your own a lot though, her lectures are very long and it is easy to fall behind in note taking. Once you've fallen behind, it is difficult catching up. She goes through the slides fast and can sometimes be quite difficult to understand. The HW, Excel Projects, and Exams are very easy and straightforward.