Professor: Shannon Cleary
Department: Computer Science
School: California State University Long Beach
Source: Rate My Professors
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1287692

---

Review 1:
2nd time taking this professor and she isn't a 10/10 lecturer but her grading and expectations for the course are more than fair. My DE & Linear Algebra course didn't transfer over so I had to take this class and I can confidently say its WAY easier than the "equivalent" class at my CC. Impossible to bomb the midterm if you even tried to study LOL.

Review 2:
She is generous when it comes to curving and EC, but as a lecturer, she is below avg. Lectures are stale and mostly involve her reading off text. Majority of the class zone out mid way through the lecture. Exams are moderately challenging but are doable if you study beyond what's covered in lecture. Overall, recommend her for 277, but not for 342.

Review 3:
the best computer science professor. great lectures and very good at communicating. office hours m-th. always answers questions and cares about her students. midterm is half online, half written. same with the final. written portion is worth more. labs were pretty easy.

Review 4:
For CECS 342, Final is cumulative with a single flash card cheat sheet, She teaches based on her slides, which makes the class boring. She doesn't care much to let you retake a quiz or an assignment. Her exams are past expectations and require you to go beyond and learn all the programming languages entirely. Not Worth her RMP grade. AVOID HER

Review 5:
You actually have to study past what is on the HW and Lectures. You will get coding questions that require you to know languages inside and out on the exam. She is not a forgiving grader on these. If you get it wrong, you will get no partial points. Do amazing on the 1st exam, good on 2nd, and you will be set. This expectation is essential.

Review 6:
Great professor and a great class, especially for learning how to code. The lectures were clear and the lab helped reinforce the material in a practical way. She's very kind, approachable, and always willing to help. Perfect class if you're just getting started with coding.

Review 7:
Easy class. Barely attended lectures and the midterm has no cheat sheet but just mainly relies on UML diagrams. The final allowed for a cheat sheet. The labs might be tricky so don't slack on that but aside from that its an easy A.

Review 8:
Loved her! Midterm was matching definitions and drawing the diagrams for those definitions, and the Final was writing the ENTIRE code for three of the UML diagrams that you learn on the second half of the semester. You are allowed a notecard cheat sheet for the final! Only downside is that she doesn't respond to emails. I recommend her!

Review 9:
Her labs were fun to do but the grading on them by her and her TAs were very strict. She focuses a lot on code formatting, docstrings, and comments. Class consists of 1 midterm and one final. Be sure to know UML diagrams. Tests are two part, one FRQ and one MCQ. The MCQ is online and is open internet/note so pretty easy. Just study for the FRQ.

Review 10:
Great Professor. Take her for 277. You will not regret it. Midterm was half online and half written.

Review 11:
Super easy class. Your grade is heavily based on weekly projects which only take about an hour to complete. Midterm and final MCQ were open wifi. Written portions were not weighed heavily. Prof Cleary does everything in her power to make sure you pass.

Review 12:
She posts her notes for lectures and explains concepts very well. 1 lab and 1 take home quiz on Canvas every week. Labs can be done in one lab session if you know what you're doing. Midterm and final had a written portion and a Canvas MCQ portion. The Canvas part is open Internet. You'll definitely learn since she's a genuinely awesome professor!

Review 13:
A solid professor in the CS department. Gets to the point when teaching us concepts and I also like how the material is available online. The lab assignments are very useful and it helps you apply what you learned. Can be pretty quiet during the lectures, which can be hard to hear for many, but she is available outside of class and willing to help.

Review 14:
The lectures were easy to follow, a quiz every week that you can take at any time, and the labs were simple to do.

Review 15:
An actual good professor in computer science! She makes the class VERY easy and you can get an A with minimal effort. Almost all tests are open notes, you get one coding assignment per week which could easily be finished in less than 5 hours, and she's just genuinely a great professor! I would take her as a professor for all CS classes if I could.