Professor: Frank McEnulty
Department: Finance
School: California State University Long Beach
Source: Rate My Professors
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2088803

---

Review 1:
Lots of quizzes, Low exam scores but he curves the overall class grade, caring professor who wants his students to succeed, Understanding and will explain topics until students understand the topics

Review 2:
Guaranteed pass with his class as he cares for the students, making content easy to understand with in-class examples. Be prepared with questions as his exam reviews depends on student inputs. There's 10 in-class quizzes at the end of class, 3 exams, and McGraw Hill HW/Quizzes. Workload is simple, but there's only 1-2 extra credits available.

Review 3:
Gave such good advice and truly cares about all his students. Pretty funny with his jokes. Take him it's so worth it. Made a night class not so bad

Review 4:
wonderful person, really cares about his students and our future, gave a lot of advice and insight on the job market, make the most out of being his student!! 2 group projects (case studies with paper and presentation), group midterm, 1 paper, solo final, weekly hw. basically an excel class. never went the full 3 hours. great class. TAKE HIM !!!

Review 5:
Super easy A :) He wants you to pass. The material itself and the tests are veryyyy difficult, but you can make it up through two group projects, so make sure you choose a good group! And yes, he curves :)

Review 6:
Professor McEnulty was a great professor. The class was hard but very interesting. The Cengage homework was simple and there were around 3 group projects; they helped me understand better real-world currency exchange scenarios. I took this class to improve my economics, which I have improved. I will be taking him for Fin 470 next semester :).

Review 7:
Easily the best prof for finance. Took Prof McEnulty for 490 and 470. Recommend getting a good group for both classes. He cares about his students so if you make an effort you'll easily pass.

Review 8:
I enjoyed this class as it felt more practical rather than theoretical. The class consisted of Excel, two group presentations/reports on Harvard business cases, LinkedIn Learning courses, a paper, and a midterm/final. Excel homework most weeks. Prof. McEnulty is engaging and easy-going and cares about his students.

Review 9:
Top G. Take him and in worse-case scenarios, you'll end up with a B. He cares about his students. Great and enjoyable lectures.

Review 10:
Took him for both FIN 470 and FIN 490. Absolutely one of the best professor at CSULB. Taking him whenever having a chance. The professor is really nice and will help you as much as possible if you ask for it. The lecture is really helpful and practical, not just a bunch of theoretically textbook information.

Review 11:
Almost done with this class but one of the