Professor: Alireza Mehrnia
Department: Computer Science
School: California State University Long Beach
Source: Rate My Professors
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2521315

---

Review 1:
Having 228 on Saturday for almost four hours was brutal and made it hard to stay focused. He teaches mainly from slides, and if you pay attention and practice at home, you'll be fine. There are lots of ZyBooks, 4 monthly homework sets, and four online quizzes. The final is written. Overall, the class is hard but fair.

Review 2:
Digital signal processing is very math heavy get familiar with your trigonometry. Lectures are very long (~4hrs) expect to be in class the entire time, except for the break he gives ~1 hr. Quizzes are hard but you do get canvas, the textbook, and your homework but its ~10 difficult questions no skipping or going back, use time wisely.

Review 3:
MBA IS 601 - I couldn't find reviews for IS and tried to add him as a professor (just in case this is not the correct person and there is another Alireza Mehrnia at CSULB) but couldn't. Dr. Mehrnia is an amazing statistics professor! He explains things very well, dumbs it down to simplest terms and makes things easy to understand! He's very fair.

Review 4:
One thing that struck out to me is that is he calls out students using phones in front of the whole class, even those with airpods in. This professor also makes simple easy problems very complicated as he overexplains each problem leaving the entire class confused. After lecture I always end up teaching myself the problems on youtube.

Review 5:
Don't trust the old reviews, this was a really hard course and meant to make other people suffer. His grading guidelines for the HWs are very strict, but very easy to understand. 4 quizzes, one of them gets dropped. Only 1 midterm which is the final, which was fairly difficult. Most important part: very good curving. People with Ds got Bs

Review 6:
Very knowledgeable. Long lectures. Funny guy. HW is loooong. Tests are much easier than the HW. He knows everything about DSP and it's obvious in his enthusiasm during lectures. Would recommend, but it's difficult and requires time.

Review 7:
Do NOT procrastinate. There are 4 homeworks due monthly with 20+ questions (quizzes after each HW). Quizzes are humbling but lowest quiz is dropped (he curves @ the end). Extra assignments on zybooks but they're easy. He went kinda fast during lectures so I opted in taking photos of every slide as "notes" as I couldn't keep up if I wrote everything

Review 8:
Be prepared to stay on track with all course material; the moment you fall behind, you will feel like you can't catch up. If you study yourself ALOT you honestly never need to go to class as long you do good on the quizzes. He will push you guys but this is only when he feels like the class is behind and needs to put in a little more work.

Review 9:
The worst 228 professor, bad slides and uses zybooks that doesn't give enough information on the material to do the homework. Homework is due a day before the quiz that has exam level questions. Quizzes are worth 24% of your grade. If I take a quiz right after homework is due, how am I supposed to learn from my mistakes before the quiz?

Review 10:
Don't be dissuaded by the vastly negative reviews. Yes, Professor Mehrnia's lectures are dry. You will need to look up some tutorial videos to understand the concepts. However, the curve is decent enough to pass as long as you're able to understand essential concepts. Study enough so you can attempt the more difficult free response questions.

Review 11:
Professor gives lots of homework, through ZyBooks and solving hand written problems from ZyBooks as well. He grades the class on a Bell Curve at the end of the semester, and it makes the grades look normal. He lied about COVID-19 mask policy to students and decided to not wear a mask during lecture. Don't ever take his class

Review 12:
This class was very challenging, which is not a bad thing on paper, but all of the most challenging aspects of the class had nothing to do with the material. The professor grades the entire class on a bell curve so you're forced to compete with your classmates. The lectures are very long and boring as he reads straight from the textbook. Lots of hw

Review 13:
He likes to challenge his students and I felt that HW and exams were doable if you read the book and did practice problems. Uses ZyBooks for participation and multiple choice and written problems for both HW and exams. Overall structure of course was fine, but lectures were long, dry, and boring as he just read the ZyBook for 3 hours.

Review 14:
While I give him a bad grade, he is inspirational. I definitely look up to him as a person. He does amazing work, but as far as teaching goes, thats a whole different story. His grading is really unclear, the tests are nothing like the HW, similar yes, but way more complex and hard. Highly suggest not taking any other hard classes with this one.

Review 15:
Terrible. Do. Not. Take. Long homework that requires hours of effort. Insane tests that aren't curved. Does not give partial credit for FRQ. Does not take late submissions. Basically 3 hours of monotone and boring lectures. Homework and examples do not reflect tests at all. Would never take again in a million years.