Professor: Susan Nachawati
Department: Computer Science
School: California State University Long Beach
Source: Rate My Professors
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/115586

---

Review 1:
Nobody can understand her class

Review 2:
Susan Nachwati has enlightened me throughout fall semester. She helped me succeed in every possible ways. without her i would be failing

Review 3:
Ignore the bad rating; she's kind & nice. Shes not disorganized, yet she teaches a lot of classes & she gives plenty of work for you to understand the material. Yet her office hours are always open to students & she will go beyond her limits to teach you the material. ASK questions and go to classes to learn; otherwise, it will be a bit hard.

Review 4:
Don't take this class if you're new to python. You will be confused. Only reason I passed was because I had prior experience with coding/python. She doesn't respond to emails and grading takes forever. I gave up paying attention in class by the 2nd week and just did homework. Pros is she's a light grader and doesn't care if you submit work late.

Review 5:
Susan ain't that bad. I lowkenuinely thought I was gonna end up with a B but she ended up giving 200% on my Lab and ended up with an A on her class. She's so misunderstood

Review 6:
It's an easy class with a nice prof and pretty lenient grading... but my god it is disorganized. She admitted at one point she doesn't plan out lectures, but plans the topics and codes as she talks. Grading is unclear and takes forever, lab and lecture are very disconnected/no communication, and I've never seen a teacher with more tech issues.

Review 7:
It was an easy class and I still have no clue what is it actually about. The midterm and final were fairly easy. At the end, she gave a ton of extra credits. Also she doesn't really mind late submission.

Review 8:
She's a nice person but so-so as a professor. It was my first time learning Python and it was way better than I expected. However, her lecture and lab activity can be a bit messy. She will probably let you out late every single class meeting. Also a lot of homework but she will extend the deadline if you ask but you have to constantly remind her.

Review 9:
Susan cares about your success and I feel that a caring professor is something rare nowadays. Just go to her office hours if youre struggling

Review 10:
ngl, this class was hard at first, but once you enter into a state flow you will understand the materials of the class. Most people cheated on the exams so I supposed exams are easy to do. Just dont forget to do her quizzes

Review 11:
If you have no experience in python, then DO NOT take her class whatsoever. Even though she's a great professor, her lectures are messy and sometimes she won't respond to your email. Zybooks is your best friend, but the projects are very tough. There are only 2 exams and a final so make sure you study hard and don't procrastinate.

Review 12:
If you don't know programming, DON'T take this class. Susan is so disorganized; lectures jump around and include tangents on languages we don't use. Don't expect to learn. She takes attendance sporadically to ensure attendance, but it's partially because she always just forgets. The projects are time consuming and the instructions are unclear.

Review 13:
If you have no experience of python, you are so cooked. I fought for my life in this class and didn't learn anything unfortunately, only learned a little bit through zybooks. The professor doesn't really know how to teach. She's pretty nice, but that's it. TA didn't really help either, but she tried. We had abt 5 projects with a partner in our lab.

Review 14:
Very sweet professor however her lectures can be a bit messy and unorganized. Zybook will be your friend when it comes to learning the material. Communication with her is difficult, I once emailed her about my absence and I never got a response. Not that bad of a class to take you just really need to put in the work and attend office hours.

Review 15:
She is a really nice prof but her lectures are unorganized for an introduction class. Most of the people who are giving her 5 stars most likely have had experience in coding. You will end up finding yourself self-teaching most of the material. Her grading system is also a little silly. Don't take her if you have no experience in python!!!