Professor: Chant Phengpis
Department: Finance
School: California State University Long Beach
Source: Rate My Professors
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/934194

---

Review 1:
Professor Chanwit makes finance easier than it seems. His premade notes are incredibly helpful, and he has a good sense of humor that keeps the class engaging. Definitely use tools like Unstuck AI alongside studying the material to ace the exams.

Review 2:
Go over & Know how to solve the practice problems from the class notes, they're very identical to the exam calculation qs. Aside from calc qs, prepare for the conceptual qs or include info for it on ur cheat sheet to maximize points for the 1st exam and on. Cheat sheet helped but don't completely rely on it as exam time is limited!

Review 3:
He has some 'tude haha but if you're not on the receiving end of it he's very funny and a great lecturer. He breaks everything down for you in lecture and his class notes. Make sure you have an in-depth and conceptual understanding of the material, and you will do well on the somewhat tricky exams. The grade you get is definitely the one you earn

Review 4:
If there is someone else you can take for fin 300 do it. Class notes are all the over the place. EX: We are on Problem 10 and he wants us to back to PG.4 to get info to solve problem 10. This method is not very good rather have all info on one page. Handwriting not very legible, exams are tough.

Review 5:
He makes the class very easy to understand and can explain things well. His handwriting and accent are tough to understand so you have to pay close attention during his lectures. Try not to skip because he covers a lot of stuff. Hes very nice and a funny professor. As long as you show up to lectures and do the homework before tests you'll do fine.

Review 6:
I loved this so much, but the tests were really hard!! Your final grades come from exams only!

Review 7:
If you're in the MBA program and don't have a strong background in finance, this class will be TOUGH. It moves fast, the notes feel rushed, and the handwriting is hard to read. Your career might be over with just this class. Good luck!

Review 8:
i am still in his class but know reg is coming up so i decided to come on. He is an extremely fast paced prof. HW is optional and recommended. he does curve the tests but even then, so many people did bad still. if he is your only option, its not the end of the world but would recommend someone else. he has awful handwriting so notes can be hard!!!

Review 9:
Fair Professor. 3 exams and drop 1. Exam worth 80% so make sure be prepare

Review 10:
Awesome professor! Makes the class follow along with premade notes, but they are EXTREMELY helpful and easy to understand. He makes the math so easy to grasp from his lectures. The quizzes and exams are also straightforward. If you want to get a good grade, I highly recommend to do his (optional) homework assignments, too!

Review 11:
He is very snarky, and his grading criteria is very strict and super difficult to bring up. He does not show what you have in the class the entire semester, and his quizzes AND tests have nothing to do with the questions you will be learning in class. He teaches and talks way too fast, as if we know the information already

Review 12:
Professor Phengpis was one of the best prof I've have at CSULB. Finance isn't the easiest class but he made it simple and straight forward. If you have the opportunity to take him I would highly suggest it!

Review 13:
Such a good professor! Finance isn't easy but Chanwit made it easy for us and always made us laugh during lectures. No homework but if you want to do well on exams, you need to do the homework. He also allows a one sided 8.5x11 cheat sheet for exams.

Review 14:
I am so grateful that Chanwit was my professor for this course. His lectures were very informative and he does an excellent review session for each exam! Attendance counts and his grading criteria is clear and fair. Exams play a huge part in your grade so it is important that you still study to the best of your abilities.

Review 15:
He is the best! I was so intimidated going into it but he honestly laid out the concepts pretty straight forward. There is heavy weight on exams so take studying seriously! You can have a one sided cheat sheet. Hw is optional but it's essential to success for exams. Overall the prof is funny and super knowledgeable! He is always in my hearrrrrrrrrt