Professor: Wikrom Prombutr
Department: Finance
School: California State University Long Beach
Source: Rate My Professors
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1781246

---

Review 1:
Has 4 exams, and drops the lowest test grade. Final is cumulative, but you can skip if you did well on other exams. Allows cheatsheet. HW isn't mandatory. Uploads all lectures on Canvas just study his notes and the HW and you'll be fine. Very easy to understand and always answers questions. Truly cares about his students. Highly recommend him!

Review 2:
There is 4 exams through the semester but drops 1 with the lowest score. No HW which is nice. He takes his time when teaching. I got a D because I would hardly study for his exams but will def take him again.

Review 3:
Amazing professor. Takes everything slow and makes sure everyone understands what he's covering. 3 exams and 1 final with a cheat sheet allowed. The worst grade of the 4 is dropped. He has recorded lectures available so if you have to miss class, no problem. No textbook, all you need is the notes for the lecture printed out or on an iPad.

Review 4:
He explains the topics very well and the homework assignments are not graded but are amazing practice for the exams. 4 exams (including a cumulative final), lowest gets dropped, cheat sheet allowed. He is super kind and will answer all your questions very well

Review 5:
He teaches fin 300 in a very straightforward way. His lectures might not be the most exciting, but they are thorough. Exams weren't difficult at all, but I have an accounting background so I've seen a lot of it before. He drops the lowest exam and allows us a cheat sheet. I would really recommend him for 300, he made the class simple imo

Review 6:
Even though he is a nice professor, but wasn't so helpful when you asked for help. The exams are like 90% of your grade which if you are not great at taking tests, I wouldn't take him. HIS EXAMS ARE TOUGH. If you took the online class then you know 3 hours the lecture get boring. However, he is fair when it comes to dropping your lowest exam.

Review 7:
The best part is he drops your lowest test grade—even the final! The material isn't too