Professor: Aslihan Salih
Department: Finance
School: California State University Long Beach
Source: Rate My Professors
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2626180

---

Review 1:
I lowk thought finance 300 was gonna be difficult since i suck so bad at math but her exams are easy, short and simple. its mostly concepts based and you can even get by guessing bc its common sense for some stuff. shes sweet and chill, i never talked to her outside of class but shes very approachable! recommend if finance intimidates u

Review 2:
If anyone is looking at these reviews and scared to take her course, I would like to point out that the type of people who leave reviews simply look to let out their frustration. To not do well in her class, you really must not be trying. Show up to class, participate, ask questions, or go to office hours; you will be fine. She is very caring.

Review 3:
She is a really nice teacher but also a liar. She said that her practice exams are very similar to the actual exam but aren't. She also takes months to grade hw/assignments.

Review 4:
She is nice and seems like she wants everyone to succeed but her tests are terrible. You are allowed a cheat sheet of formulas only. Every test i include all the material she provides so a practice test and study guide. I have walked out of every test wondering if i was taking the right test or if it got mixed up with another classes. overall awful.

Review 5:
In one ear, out the other. Her lectures are so bad. Easy homework. You will learn more by teaching yourself. Allows one page double-sided cheat sheet, but with only formulas, no vocab. If you can take another professor and avoid her.

Review 6:
The professor is kind, but that's where the positives end. She is an extremely slow grader, and takes over a month to put in grades. Attendance is not only mandatory, but graded via a poll which she doesn't understand how to use. She doesn't explain what is required in assignments outside once during lecture. She made an outside exam 10% of grade.

Review 7:
One of the best professors I've ever had. Don't hesitate to talk to her or to ask questions. Grading is fair and the lectures interesting and easy to understand. If you want to learn and you're not afraid to put in some work (case studies, group projects and homework) take her class. Pick your seat in class with care, as groups will be assigned.

Review 8:
She is definitely one of the better finance professors. My only advice for this class is where u sit/sit with matters. The professor is heavy on doing things with our groups (5-6 people) and if more than half of your group members are gone, the assignments are harder to catch up with.

Review 9:
FIN 300 - The review below basically sums it up. Did not really understand finance. But the tests were really easy. She is a nice professor though.

Review 10:
FIN 300 - Easy A class, but honestly makes lectures really confusing and she is unorganized. I self studied so I was able to get an A. If you are actually interested in Finance, I wouldn't rec. If you just need the grade, go for it. 4 group assignments, so choose a good group. 4 Exams. Attendance is taken every class

Review 11:
FIN690. Unfair grading, unclear criteria. Needed C in final for an A, which I did get, but got a B due to participation points. Contradictory feedback despite fulfilling group work. No explanation provided. Gave full participation points to students who skipped class or provided no group work which is opposite of my work. Don't recommend & avoid!!

Review 12:
She wants you to understand everything.

Review 13:
By far one of the best finance professors Ive had at CSULB. She cares about the students and is very knowledgeable about the stock market and whats going on in the current market.

Review 14:
Shes a good professor, she cares about her students and is understanding in regards to certain situations. I personally enjoyed the way she taught the class, she always had excel worksheets which helped me improve my excel skills. She also records her lectures. However, she assigns projects on short notice, we only had one week to work on it.

Review 15:
Professor Salih is very challenging in my opinion. Going to all lectures but she hardly went over the key concepts in the book which were what was actually on the Exams. Group projects were thrown with only a week to two to prepare and present, and she graded very hard.