Professor: Ali Sharifian
Department: Computer Science
School: California State University Long Beach
Source: Rate My Professors
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2300819

---

Review 1:
Lectures are well-structured and easy to follow, and the 4 programming assignments are straightforward. Use sample exams as study guides to prep for actual exams, but some questions are difficult to complete on time. Partial credit is not given, regardless of adequate work shown.

Review 2:
easy class i guess, lectures are mad outdated and not a good way of learning algorithms. prof is short with you and doesnt answer questions. gets weirdly mad if you do ask questions lol. easy A though, just dont expect to learn anything important

Review 3:
Prof Ali is super straight forward on what you need to do and what to study. If you fail the exams it was 100% a skill issue. Practice tests are very similar to the real thing, allows cheat sheets, and easy to follow along in lecture. Cons: Difficult to complete exams within time limit. PAs will destroy your grade if you don't follow directions.

Review 4:
extremely dismissive. the kind of prof that makes you never want to go to office hours or ask questions. really miserable class and experience.

Review 5:
He's organized, transparent, and forthright. You'll ALWAYS know what's coming and what to expect: clear & straightforward. In return, he demands meticulousness in the students' work, especially on exams & programming assignments. He can seem intimidating in class, but he's actually very friendly and warm in person. Don't be afraid to ask questions.

Review 6:
Class has 4 programming assignments and three exams (2 midterms and a final). The PA's are straightforward and easy. Final exam isn't cumulative. He gives you a sample exam to prep for each exam. Actual exam is basically the sample exam, but with the numbers switched up. Easy A. Just study the sample exam and you'll be fine.

Review 7:
Lectures are the worst. Extremely disrespectful. Take this class for the grade, not the material, half of it is outdated and wrong. Youll get points taken off if you do it correctly and not his way.

Review 8:
This professor often responds in a disrespectful and dismissive tone, both by email and during class, which makes it hard to engage or ask questions. At the start of the semester, he says grades will be curved, but this is not followed through. However, tests are fair and manageable if you stay on track with the material.

Review 9:
Be warned, homework projects have nothing to do with lectures/tests at all and tests are graded harshly.

Review 10:
Extremely easy class, topics are easy. Very particular in how the problems are solved, but very easy. Provides past exams to study for and it has all the types of problems that are going to be on the exam. Allows a cheat sheet for all exams. 4 coding assignments, given plenty of time to get them done, and can have it tested by the TA.

Review 11:
Enjoyed how he worked through every problem on the board and took his time with them. One of the most straightforward professors in terms of the syllabus and what he expects on his assignments. AI is tolerated, literally copy and paste from GPT doesn't matter ... Class consists of programming assignments and exams.

Review 12:
Sharifian's class structure is great. If you listen to his lectures, he tells you exactly how to succeed on exams. Exams are essentially just following the steps of an algorithm---steps he goes over in detail in class. He also gives a study guide that is almost exactly the exam. He can be particular, but its valid since he gives u exact steps

Review 13:
I LOVE THIS MAN! best prof in the cs dept. makes it v easy for u to succeed and when u ask him questions he rlly breaks it down. super easy to talk to. the coding assignments were the only difficult part of his class. the exams r super easy bc he gives u a study guide w literally the same structured problems w different values if u do those ur good

Review 14:
Study guides were very similar to the exams, except for one problem that is different but not difficult! He ALWAYS responded to emails and was very open to helping you!

Review 15:
Poor lecture skills and a disregard for humanity in general - makes students feel like just a grade.