Professor: Jelena Trajkovic
Department: Computer Science
School: California State University Long Beach
Source: Rate My Professors
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2493982

---

Review 1:
the grade on Canvas does NOT reflect your true grade in the class. Her TA are awesome (other than one of them). Once again, your grade on Canvas does NOT reflect your actual grade.

Review 2:
She's a nice professor who truly cares and helps you learn. Exams are very doable if you practice the problems repeatedly and build from the early topics to the newer ones. The flipped classroom can be annoying, but the videos are short and lecture gives useful practice. The 8 a.m. class/lab gap is the main downside.

Review 3:
Good teacher, I found the class to be pretty easy and she puts it all forward in an easy to understand way, covering any questions that we may have within our class. Reverse classroom style teaching though which you can love or hate, but I personally enjoyed not having to stare at slides at 8 in the morning

Review 4:
I took Dr. Trajkovic for 201. She is caring and genuinely wants you to learn. The class has a lot of work. Frequent labs that take time, Zybooks, and studying. She doesn't really teach in lab, you watch video lectures with quizzes outside, then practice them in class, which can feel stressful plus it's an early class so

Review 5:
She is an amazing professor. All her lectures are recorded and you have to watched them the day before the class and take a quiz. The content of the class is challenging to understand, but she is very helpful during the lab sections, as well as her TA's.

Review 6:
Prairelearn was annoying to use because it would crash a lot during tests/quizzes and the project's instructions were unclear at times. She would make us watch lecture videos before class as well. Honestly, I learned more coding through Zybooks than the lecture videos. Would not recommend this class if you're new to coding.

Review 7:
Amazing at teaching. Prarielearn was annoying sometimes, but whenever there were problems she would look into it and curve exams/quizzes if the problems were legit. However, most of students complaining did not understand that their code was just ass. Projects were a little hard, even with chatgpt. There are lots of homework and bi-weekly quizzes.

Review 8:
Prof Jelena was okay at best, she relied a lot on PrairieLearn which messed up many grades. She was also unclear with instructions. Projects had to be extremely specific to how she had it even though there are multiple ways to approach a problem. The TA's never really helped, they would say one thing and the prof would say something else

Review 9:
This professor was the sweetest professor! The material is HARD and she tries her best to make sure everyone understands it. She is very accessible outside of her class and is more than wiling to provide more examples and material to help you understand. Pop Quizzes were HARD, but Exams were easy if you studied her notes.

Review 10:
One of the most caring and accommodating professor I've ever had. Really wants students to learn, and stresses participation/asking questions. HW thru Zybooks, occasional pop quizzes, mandatory attendance. Labs were simple. Exams could be a bit difficult (material can be dry and uninteresting), but she does a lot of review prior. Great prof

Review 11:
Really wants student to learn and understand the material. HW is ZyBooks and the code for labs are given. There are also pop quizzes. Exams are from the slides and practice problems.

Review 12:
She will go the extra mile to help you. With "flipped class" there's short videos before class, and more time in class to do worksheets together. Though the labs can get overwhelming, there's lots of support in office hours and Slack. She responds to emails quickly and explains things quite well. Without a doubt, my favorite professor.

Review 13:
Trajkovics class is for those looking for an easy semester. I didnt learn anything, but I didnt struggle either. Zybooks is given for homework and labs are basically coded for you.

Review 14:
I just have to say that this professor is the GOAT. Her method of teaching was different from other professors in which she used a flipped class method in which you learn the topic before hand and she goes over it in class. This class is not hard, as long as you put in the time and effort, you will pass. The lectures are easy to understand.

Review 15:
Very respectful, fun, caring, responds to emails quickly, and cares for students.